while you're restarting the scream
because this is the stream because
there's a Marva on an announcement a
rope perfect perfect so I sprint
planning closed so this week is the
second week of the current sprints
meaning that they end this friday and
they'll be doing demos next Monday that
also means that starting next Monday's
new sprints ah the big one being the IPF
s in the browser I'm not sure which
other sprint so we've scheduled for that
time I don't of the road meadow map up
but I try to be if you're leading a
sprint next week try to be scheduling
your um read or sprint planning call for
this coming Thursday so that's when your
whole team will look through all the
stories of what you're doing and figure
get a clear sense of what you're going
to work on over the next two weeks and
discuss estimates of how hard the work
is going to be all of that so that most
how that impacts most of you is that you
will be on a sprint planning call with
me for I PFS in the browser but I know
there's at least one other sprint ino
happening I'm not sure which one cool so
that's more of a heads up I'll do it and
then similarly sprint retrospective call
so if you were working on a sprint this
past weekend this week then on Friday we
will be doing the Sprint retrospective
and that will probably be on friday at
the time that this call happens so
whatever that is UTC or in your local
timezone so it's noon eastern time I'm
not sure what it is in UTC is that so be
17 UTC well Victor a quick question is
are we gonna do the retrospective in the
same format as last time that basically
the team leaders I am mistress no I'm
going to post a proposal for an
alternative format I synopsis version
though we will all be on the call all
together
basically each team will spend 20
minutes doing their retrospective and
everyone else is just listening and so
it's like for 20 minutes your team
discuss amongst yourselves like how did
things go what worked what didn't work
what should we continue what needs to
change action items that's it ready like
so you're sort of like on the stage
being watched by everyone else so
everyone can witness how your process is
going and witness how you're deciding
how to improve it um but it won't be
like the last one where it ended up
being more the leads from each project
basically doing a showcase and you
didn't get much of that sort of internal
like introspection of how is our process
going so i'm going to write up a
proposal of how we structure that but
that's the basic idea and it will
include if you were on a sprint eno
working alone you should plan to join in
and you you won't necessarily take a
full 20 minutes that you will also have
time to sort of retrospect on how your
work process is going with the people
who you ended up interesting it sonia
when will these a retrospective take
place those will be on friday at five
p.m. UTC okay which is noon eastern it's
the time that this call starts on
Mondays but it will be on Friday ah and
and that will be for people who
participated in a sprint or a sprint ino
or everybody else it just wants to
listen right yeah well how do people
feel about that I guess I wish there
were more people on here I hesitate to
say yes because I want people to speak
freely about what is not working so that
it can be acknowledged and things can
change and if you have a bunch of
strangers or the wide unknown watching
that might prevent people from actually
saying this thing didn't work and I want
it to change so yeah mixing thoughts on
that should we should we open it up
or keep it negative I think it would
make sense to not open up but to record
it people can look at it later if they
like um they can get feedback that way
but what but then I actually is so
recording it is almost worse because
then it might be watched at any point in
the future by any unknown person their
plans I think is how long did sorry okay
so it's a Friedel then the most how
about yeah how about we just say it's
generally closed if somebody is really
interested in it they could just ask
yeah we won't record it so what I was
that that will take notes yeah that's
what I was about to say as well if
somebody's really interested in the CIA
CDs been for example and they come up
and pee candidates then at the down and
let's keep in mind so this is why it's
partially important the showcase of what
we worked on what we got done what we
didn't get done and like a demo of all
that stuff that happens on Monday on the
public hall this is just for the team
who immediately collaborated to have a
conversation about process what worked
and didn't work and so that's less about
the content of the work itself and much
more about process of the teeth the
people who are collaborating
Richard so for a nice friend is that
just me in hot or would you be on this
well or just me none well that's where
we will all be on the call together and
we'll just take turns being like on the
stage being the ones who are having our
retrospective with everyone else
listening in oh ok so ah there are
something if your team is working on
sensitive stuff that the other teams
can't hear then yeah you could do it on
your own but this is more still we have
three public Sprint's going on TICAD the
orbit one and the IPL d1 so that if we
did 20 minutes for each of those that's
everyone on the call for an hour because
the reason for having them all together
is that because we're sort of rotating
we're like mixing up who's on which team
you each sprint like people need to hear
what were the decisions from the other
teams about what worked and didn't work
so that we can all follow through and
then the next sprints otherwise you get
this sort of trainwreck of like never
actually changing things right you lose
the follow through yeah then I have a
scheduling issue did we not overhead we
still having a Friday night for the
Europeans get five o'clock five o'clock
UTC it's sticks for the midi other PSM
okay so is that a scheduling conflict
none for me it probably will be for hot
okay all right if your if your team I
mean since it's a small sprint if you
guys need to do it at another time
that's fine okay we might think uh and
especially since you guys are sort of on
you are a stable team that's not getting
a lot of people rotating on and off so
if you need to do it on your own I give
it cool is that it for retrospectives
cool so Matt you had a question or you
have an item on here about I PFS in the
browser yeah this is a big one almost
everybody is working on this so starting
next Monday so this thursday will do the
planning call and then starting on
Monday we'll be doing two weeks i'm
working on it's 78 the title
kinda misleading its or it's the title
is confusing um the focus of this print
is saying if our ultimate long-term goal
here is that we want I PFS to be
natively supported in all web browsers
what do we need to do now in order to
set things in that direction like what
is that what are the things that need to
be cleaned up what are the tools that
need to be built what's the stuff that
needs to be documented I so that's sort
of we're not going to achieve all of
those goals in those two weeks it's more
like let's we're spending two weeks
really focusing on getting the house in
order in that domain and um and so so
I'm I'm leading that project so what I'm
doing over the next three days is
gathering all the use cases around that
of like what could we be working on and
how are we thinking about the things
that need to be worked on so people have
input on that please let me know I also
have a question of which repo are we
going to track this work in because
that's where people if people have
suggestions they should be creating
issues in that repo but I don't know
which repo we should use on a free
pillow Jeremy a victory if you have
putting myself two cranes on you like
meta red bull for those uh-oh Richard
normally what we'd be doing for this
sort of stuff is pretty good notes but I
don't really want to have seen notes end
up just just a pile repo it might make
sense actually just make a new repo that
can link out that other stuff just for
the sake of well thanks Lee be an
extended thing right at your best in the
browser so all right I don't think notes
fits like this is those of you who
followed the IPF s archives spring the
data cup sprint know that I create a lot
of issues I create a lot of issues and I
document them very thoroughly and I
think that's important for having a good
waffle board and tracking your project
well and making a transparent for the
external world so if you did that notes
notes would be flooded with
that is specific to this scrim sorry
with you I'm saying knows where we
normally put it let's not do that let's
make a new one yeah and and two Victor's
and then we'll get soloist victories
question of should we create a one-off
the reason why I hesitate there is that
we already have so many repos and
creating one that doesn't even contain
any code it's just there really to track
this one sprint that in theory will have
follow-up work seems because then when
someone wants to follow up on that work
in the future they have to figure out
where those issues are so I hesitate
there so Lars and then dig
you made it yeah i just clicked on the
leaf button accidentally and then I
didn't yeah anyhow the whole browser
thing is not really just a one-off thing
has been work done in that direction for
a long time and collaborations with
others there's the browser add-ons for
Firefox which is pretty far and the one
for Chrome which is a bit more or less
unmaintained at the moment I think I
think it would make sense to have one
place where we can gather all this
information and lids I think it's not
too bad if if there's no code itself and
that repository begin I don't know some
kind of browser I PFS or I PFS in the
browser or what whatever it would be
called and every matter are you so are
you suggesting we sort of think of it as
I PFS in the browser is an endeavor in
and of itself off it deserves a repo
okay yeah because there's so many
aspects to this ASAP affairs there's the
add-ons there's keeping track of what
the pen points in the browser are like
ap is that are missing that we would
like to have things that are just a big
headache like origins and content
security policy for example is just
completely at odds with how i did this
work and specs for the e4 the your ice
cream other kind of stuff would benefit
i think from one from one entry point
where we can crack all that it's pretty
convincing dig yeah hey I think I agree
with large here I would love to have a
repo I don't know his I PFS in the
browser yet um which effectively tracks
all these endeavors um because a new
response cross a lot of areas as lives
mentioned for example d your i SPECT
doesn't have a good home currently and
things like that i'm tracking
cross orange policy in various places on
this way could actually have a place
where we can aggregate all that data we
can link to the various loans and the
various states in the readme I think
it's fine we have a couple of Rico's
that already are not code repos butter
just for discussion of like notes for
example um this would be effectively
notes for AP of us in the browser um
okay I'm convinced what should we call
it there's I PFS in the browser always
confuses me because like you can run JSI
PFS in the browser so and that so that's
like that is an understandable confusion
that like what we mean there is fuzzy if
that's the term mari brs adage I PFS
similar to how we have go I get that yes
if it does aha interesting all right
haha there two other other ideas or
people like that one
two people dislike that one I'm unsure
if it works I'm just afraid of people
coming in and being confused just ask
them like isn't this just a sigh PFS I
don't know oh that's why and this is not
so JSI PFS go I PFS etc is is about a
complete implementation of a PS this is
not about implementing I PFS again this
is about tooling to use existing
implementations browser integrations by
PF s dash in dash the browser so that i
think are bffs in the browser has the
same confusion there of like if I it yes
and yeah fair enough what is it like in
the end the browser is is a completely
different environment than what Jessica
Vess outside of the browser would run in
fact you or what go I PFS with runnin
you don't get the same transports you
don't get the same you don't get the
file system you don't get direct access
to to to the networking layer right but
then that we've been doing all that
already in JC I PFS browser version okay
I'll kick this off to a good hub issue
then for deciding what we should call it
uh and but thanks because I yeah so I
wasn't I wasn't wrong and being like
this is hard to choose this name so I'll
make an issue and will well sort it out
so as far as this announcement goes
watch that issue and once we've named it
you can put issues you can put comments
into the new repo if you have ideas
about or questions about how we're going
to get to that goal of I PFS being
supported natively in the browsers so we
are going to create a new repo man but
we had just let name we will create a
repo but we don't know what his name
will be it'll probably be something like
browser integrations or
something like that but it'll probably
have it'll probably a browser in the
name that's that's the one thing that's
clear and it's gonna be blue so man I
have a question here like so one thing I
see happening here is that are you just
gonna decide what the name is going to
be are we going to come back next week
and make a decision are you gonna talk
in the middle or like a decision about
what the repo should be named yeah did
you want to get done we're gonna create
a github repo or github issue for
deciding on the name and so we could do
that in ipf SPM right now if someone I
died just a few codes and then in the
end the planning called it and the week
we can make you make the decision right
unless all i need to do it i'm going to
need the repo to exist we might rename
it during the planning call but I've
needed to exist so I can start doing the
pre-planning work um so choose name for
browser integrations though all right so
this is now I PFS p.m. issue number for
21 and I put a link to it in the end the
agenda voices which we go so that's it
so that's the answer said we will make
that in Number 421 we will decide on the
name and that's where you should look to
find out what is the name for that repo
thank you so all right one last thing on
the agenda is the we have some demos
does anybody have anything else before
the demos or before a demo okay so it
looks like we have a Jenkins whip who's
who's responsible for that Victor Victor
me um so let's see i just wanted to
share a bit about our progress right so
far ah wait I see we have a call after
this the spins sink maybe that would
make for samsung demos our crew here
where everybody's watching okay whatever
them so let's see share the screen there
we go so now you should be able to see
much screens we have Jenkins running
here so this is kinda like worrying
looking so we also have a plugin
thoughts cow bees I think the recall we
working called blue ocean that adds like
a much nicer you are into projections so
right now we haven't we haven't talked
to for we're currently working on the
kivati of us and the jail's aquifers and
chase I PFS API so this is kind of like
how we put a lot and then it would list
all the other branches just pull
requests and then we have a nicely
pipeline view and you can see some of
the things running in parallel as well
so yeah that's where the current status
on if you still like the old you are is
still gonna be running exactly like
normal and it has a fresh little tub log
in as well as when I press on login I
already authenticated with which guitar
so is just gonna use my my github
account and send some in the IPF s
organization everything is solved for us
basically so yeah take questions demo
Thank You Victor Matt was another
question yeah I'm and this this could go
we could move it into the spring sink I
are you it is when you get Jenkins
rolling are you gonna like turn off
Travis and circle CI and all that other
stuff so we'll just we'll just be
relying on Jenkins and that'll be our
main yeah so the the purpose is to fight
remove or reliance on all these
different chemistry I services so circle
see how I Travis a team silly will be
replaced by Trekkies any other question
you
any other questions are there any other
demos I could demo have I shown people
the Z cache block explorer eddie i think
i have have I shown people the dag API
stuff kind of well for it and my demo
die field these stuff before did he ever
demo the the ash block explorer on the
other I remember okay okay cool um let's
see I gave I give a talk last night an
etherion meet up um share screen um all
right here the talkative you meet up
about the Zika Explorer yeah it was
great alright so at PLD um it's really
cool and really easy so I have let's say
I have this JSON witches and I feel the
object super easy to just put it into I
PFS let's hope it I have it working cool
at work all right um and you can get it
back out Wow fantastic um you can also
you know do things like get foo oh my
god not like it giving Pat what did I
break um oh I'm not on the right branch
um that's embarrassing um yeah so one
other thing up I did last night let's
see if this works because I'm not on the
right branch you can just get files out
right and it follows these internal pads
inside this JSON structure and so it's
great because you can you know design
your own schema / structure to that
whatever applications you want you don't
have to try and conform to the weird
protobuf nonsense that we've had for the
past two years and you know really
allows you to do all sorts of other fun
stuff I'm going to
Jeremy have a question before you move
to the next one so with that um the that
JSON is just stored as JSON that you
added I PFS right no so that JSON the
store to see bore um okay oh if i were
to do i give this block get this um it's
pretty gnarly right so it actually it
gets converted to see bore and then um
we just didn't see boards along the one
mapping with JSON it goes back and forth
clearly um because i have written some
members well i mean this is this is the
Seaborg this is the binary output oh
yeah I know I'm just saying that it's
not put numbers i did and a certain
point into Jason sooo bored none doesn't
necessarily you don't necessarily get
the same thing out soon Jeremy the
reason why nots never missing the the
reason why I asked that question was
that um last week to be was talking
about the idea that there's no such
thing as a I pld object that you're not
converting your JSON to I pld objects
you're just adding JSON die PFS and then
parsing it as I PLT content you're using
sort of the IPL d structures to interact
with the data is that right no there is
I pld like there is a Seeb or IP LD
which is like the so like initially
we've had a bunch of confusion around
this because 11 first started talking
about IPL d he really meant the Seaboard
data structure with links we sense kind
of expanded I pld to really just mean
linked data um and the the Seaboard
stuff still definitely exists and you
know you can use it whatever I got the
right banner you know um but the yeah
the defaults their default IP LD is the
C bore stuff but then you can do other
things like this object right here
and if we look at this one we can see
that it's a normal so this one's a Seeb
or object but inside it has a link to
something called Z cash and then i can
grab that and this object is jason right
now but it's actually stored as a rosy
cache block like in the native format
all we did is literally essentially just
move it into the correct place in blocks
directory um piped it directly from the
daemon to z cash payment through to IP
of us without anything and then you can
do fun things like you know walk along
it it the difficulty um and it works
great I have a question yes gonna
drizzle of through links yeah thats
encinas parent thing those are links ah
TX um I guess that's all right yeah
let's see if we can find one that has oh
no wait inputs just not a link is it
yeah it puts is not alike you're correct
SE sono here but para here's yeah here's
the transaction merkel tree right and so
we can go like one and look here's a big
transaction wow what is this um there's
no inputs to this is only outputs this
is oh so this is a encrypted trans I so
the shield the transaction there's a lot
to it Wow but the simple transactions
will look like this this is the block
reward one so there's no like the inputs
is a blank thing and then the outputs is
1010 z cash to one address and 2.5 to
the founders reward is really fun and I
have the Bitcoin stuff working I just
haven't um synced Bitcoin box you into
my laptop because I that's 120 gigs of
space that I don't feel like using right
now you know
great oh yeah so thank you jeremy yeah
that's awesome any other demos
I can show something ok Hector sure
screen so that's a small weekend thing I
just took a well basically the idea is
to have liquid ttp be able to send and
receive HTTP and use go stand our stuff
to do work with it so this is kelly p2p
HTTP and it should just yeah pretty
easily like you doing any other go
server and client you should be able to
just expose your HTTP IP is only TTP I
don't know if this is super useful
probably not but looked fun to do it
actually maybe at some point you have
some maybe I you want to just expose on
the same on the same connection as other
is to be absolutely p2p stuff and maybe
comes handy that's pretty much it thanks
Hector it's not so you can make requests
to another node and then it opens the
screen to that node on the other hand
you can listen for incoming screen and
coming into the peace thing yeah it's
pretty much so it just you can on one
side you can just HTTP serve something
that is served via a stream ali p2p
string i'm from the other side you can
get or do any client operations on
something that is read and written from
a stream so basically consists
intriguing going to sink in the streams
I connections ah gotta do actually
you're actually using the net
GTP right right everything is a standard
Ingo you just rub the streams as
standard connections and then just like
go do everything and so if you want to
expose something on HTTP only p2p which
it happens to be an HTTP rest api and
you want to read it from the other side
it is possible with minimal
modifications awesome yeah Hector so if
I have does this apply to a case of if I
have one node on the network that knows
how to expose a REST API particular REST
API on top of a data set and another
node that doesn't know how to make sense
of the data I could use lip p2p to just
make those rest requests is that now not
really this is you may just expose up
website directly through liquid to be
and be able to read it from the other
side so instead of using regular
connection so get non ETP thing you
might just do a get request and
throughly it will be be able to obtain
the content from the other side okay
yes assuming you have a liquid to be
host which is configured with yeah right
alright cool cool I think I'll think of
it more practically if I PFS has an HTTP
idea if it exposed ditch these api
through the radar little bit channel I
wouldn't have to and I'm already talking
to I DFS for whatever other reason and I
want to use the idea of si di I would
not have to just establish a separate
connection using a standard network
connection tcp I could just make my
request through the already existing the
p2p connection and use the API through
that but as I say it not sure it's super
useful at this point it was just easy
and fun to do so cool hey thanks Hector
everything else any other demos
okay so let's see it's 20 minutes to the
top of the hour do we want to take a
break or do we want to come back in 10
minutes or five minutes or wait to the
top of the hour so anyone need more than
a five minute break okay we'll be back
in five minutes great so in corner up
what's the next thing sprint sink for so
it doesn't necessarily need to be long
so the Sprint's that are currently
happening this is this is like because
this is the time slot when next week
you're going to be doing demos and like
doing your full showcases of you sprints
so this is the like mid mid sprint how
are things going look yeah it like we
might this was super relevant two weeks
ago when it was art for we had just on
our first week ever of doing sprints so
it was like let everyone thought about
how that's going and so we'll see we'll
see what comes up like we might just
talk for ten minutes and be like seems
like it's working fine bye y'all but
yeah like that's what that's what the
focus of this next section is about
you
[Music]
me too so we have the browser access so
I'm looking at the waffle board and I
see we have the data gov is that is that
idiot gov still going so data died out
of gum was lost love the previous week
but the week before though all right
yeah we finished it so I started filling
in the are your reading I pffs the
waffle word a PFS resonance yeah are we
in week 5 is that where we are Oh week 6
starting the hole filled in a bit while
we were getting 30 today because it's
getting it gets really confusing of what
we tweak only well now it should be yeah
starting on week 6 it says when that is
so right now we are today is the first
day of week six
you
[Music]
it appears press the road mount now it's
got all the dates fill them okay so
we're on solidify IPL d CI CD testing
you
look hi all right I so the the point of
this time slot made a lot of sense two
weeks ago oh it was the sort of midpoint
through our Springs it as a chance for
the people and the different Sprint's to
sort of sync up about what are we doing
how is it going it was like almost a
midpoint retrospective um now that we're
in our second round of sprints and also
there's no one from at least one of the
Sprint's on there might not be that much
to discuss but the point here is a week
from now this prints are going to be
showcasing so there's less time for the
the discussion just about like on the
fly discussing what's going on because
you spend more time showcasing what
you've done so you people have anything
to flag of how things are going or um
yeah stuff to discuss so i can share how
it's going for us so far the one guy
can't set up and a lot of things we
achieve so far we do have quite a few
tasks left but most of the like the
kauai DFS stuff we are working on is
it's pretty much there it's just missing
like a few basic things in the end and
generally we feel like we can complete
our sprint with the work we have like
Victor for your spring are you um do you
basically just have a long list of
things that need to get done and you're
all just sort of picking them up and
getting them up really good to frame so
we have we have we have our waffle board
where things but when things are
organized by the priority of what we
wanted to be done but then every every
morning or two o'clock
or local time we have a standard where
we generally sink and agree on what we
are going to work on this but pretty is
pretty much like a top-to-bottom
approach in the radical and then we kind
of like add stuff in the background as
we go that we discover but we want to
fix at a later point so are you doing
any sort of i'm just running through the
sort of scrum things that people might
or might not be doing you're doing any
sort of estimating having conversations
about how hard is this or how long is
this one going to take or any of that
not really we color like simply
estimation part we try to split up the
stories so they were kind of like equal
but then we ended up in our planning
call with like one Capshaw issue which
was figure before but then we spit it
out and then it got bigger and always
clear it out and we did the same with
the monitoring we're trying to make it
the same size but then some other things
popped up with monitoring swiss figured
out into its own storage so we kind of
been doing some refactoring being waffle
board us the sprint proceeded as well my
consider instead of using a sprint label
which we've done in other repos been
using to like say this issue represents
a whole sprint of two weeks you might
instead want to use like story and that
one you just opened like in a scrum
context you would call an epic right
like this is sort of bigger story that
involves a bunch of some stories so
basically like all these stories you see
out here is actually epics and the
actual tasks are inside the issue so you
could say that the issues around here or
epics and they are just tagged with the
springs to be able to filter
to your desk the time we have been my
stone as well which one cannot wrinkle
for the issue spread across multiple
recode so we only have this I PFS
Jenkins wrap up where everything is
every milestone at all get help
milestones feature yes oh you just open
it huh so I haven't used the the labels
and my sins to we talked about at one
point but we are using the muscles
github yeah so this is where we did the
same thing on the data.gov one and this
was having this page was super useful
the problem is if your issues that the
work is spread across multiple repos
then there's no way with github just
should to get this page with that that
has here's the milestone in here all day
truth up along to the milestone if the
milestone involves work that spread
across multiple Rico's and that's what
labels and milestones this floor and
starters the reason why the bead is
always asking for labels and milestones
is because everything that they do on on
everything that he's sort of directly
involved in is cut across many resources
yeah he doesn't have this page and can't
have this page without labels and last
names without that tool all right so
this is helpful to see so yep that's how
it goes for us at this point what about
you Jamie what's your what approach are
you guys taking there's only really two
of you uh yeah daveed and I heard
working somewhat independently um it's
kind of I've been working on a lot of
the block chain integration stuff and
then he's been working on Jess I PFS dag
API stuff um we did sit down and hash
out some general api's on that but I
mean that he's coming here today ish so
we'll be able to work more closely on
that are you doing anything with issues
or with github to like track that work
as the screams
I don't know he might be yeah all right
are there was there's no one on the
orbit spring today Hector are you
tracking all the rage Richard how are
you guys doing it orbits going well how
we haven't had much time to sink in the
past two weeks he's been traveling and
traveling but looking forward to working
on it more this week we're gonna meet up
tomorrow morning to sync up on how we're
doing but I think we're on track sure no
are you try using good hope to keep
track of the work at all were you using
mostly just talking together he's pretty
clear what what we have pod posted a big
issue like a big comment in this print
issue this morning before you said he
could make the call which is like the
total update but he and I basically
Justin document or ok Hector how about
you how are you tracking the cluster
stuff so I have a waffle bar basically
and yeah I tried to post captain logs
once a week awesome but right now it's
taking a bit longer for last week's
feature so I haven't done it but and
your captain's logs include this sort of
here's what we'll be working on next
here's the functionality will be moving
towards next entrant i think so i
thought i only have to increase in soon
well i'm just wondering how you're
sending out the message of it if someone
is following cluster how do they know
like what stuff you're aiming at and
what the like anticipated timeline is
for which things get attention when and
I think that's mainly you're doing that
with the captain's lockrey yeah this is
in the GUP x log and
their links around 20 foot board than to
maybe to the PM repository old Cooper
with sprint anyone which team
oh okay we open we lost Sid signed off
um so
[Music]
I think we just covered everyone do does
anyone have any questions for each other
or ideas or suggestions about all these
Sprint's or questions about the
difference prints or anything I don't
think the orbit team needs help from
possibly Lars or someone else for doing
the distribution stuff yeah i mean i was
gonna ping you guys this afternoon
that's what we working on are you guys
around next too hard big turnout
tomorrow morning maybe we can think up
Lars you around next yards are you going
to sleep
okay like 7pm I've gotta sleep on the
next six hours be here for have to run
to the supermarket but I'll be here for
the next or one and a pound we're giving
this a go so that's about the
distribution but there is also the
deploying the web app to work it don't
chats friends as fun yeah I writing up a
guide for that I think this it's really
clear is some of these just write it up
so that's all to work on today if I have
any questions always think you guys
tomorrow morning um should be fine
cool
cool so anything else people need to
cover need to sync up about
you
all right well we orbit work really
nicely today was malice I was just
saying orbit worked really really nicely
today in the afternoon when we tried it
with like three or four people work
beautifully but then later in the
evening with like 10 people tenish
people did didn't work so well that
anymore but we're getting there it's
awesome cool it's a start ah I guess
there's the update from the data.gov
stuff that is fiom other people using
our stuff that there is a work of
actually replicating all of those
datasets between a bunch of blank
mirrors using IP FS is probably
happening over the next week like by
this Friday it will probably be done um
and or at the very least they will have
started the replicating and so that's
that's exciting but there's nothing
there's nothing really to report yet
it's more that like they're finally
ready to try it and our code is ready
for them will try and so we'll see what
what happens i'll have more of an update
next week probably maybe a demo of
reading it datacom data set awful I PFS
oh so I think we just did our whole
Monday sprint in an hour our whole
Monday calls and everything in an hour
is there anything else that we needed to
cover rich cake I want to go back to
writing down everything we're doing in
sprint issues and having four or five
hours worth of meetings please I just
find this to be just too concise and
thoughtful yeah go ahead go ahead that's
like a couple more hours this evening
and post a link on on on slack
afterwards or by RC and enjoy the
duration and i'll ignore it all right
anything else are we good to go okay
thanks everyone and it sounds like Lars
and Richard you're following up yeah
well bye bye bye